Day 1: Use code THGREEN for 40% off all Company Store items 
To view this email with images, click here.
Please add Tommy Hilfiger to your address book to continue receiving our emails in your mailbox.

TOMMY HILFIGER COMPANY STORE
	Women	Men	Clearance	Gift Guide
Shop on the go from your phone and tablet
Day 1	enjoy 10 days of cheer!

TAKE 40% OFF
all company store items
Use Code: THGREEN
	Shop Women		Shop Men	


10 Days Left for Christmas Shipping
Order by 12/18 11:59 PM EST for Ground Shipping
Connect With Us	Facebook	Twitter	Pinterest	Tumblr	YouTube	Share		My Account	Update Your Preferences
Questions? Customer Service	

Store Locator
Privacy Policy
*40% off site wide valid until 12/09/13 11:59 P.M. ET. Add promo code THGREEN at checkout to apply discount. Discount valid on Online Company Store items only. Excludes jewelry, watches and fragrances. Promotional coupon codes are not stackable. Not valid on previously purchased merchandise. Web only. Not valid in Tommy Hilfiger Department Stores, Company Stores or Specialty Stores. ShopRunner is a membership only Free 2-Day Shipping program. "2-Day" Shipping means that the item(s) will arrive at the shipping address within 2 business days from the time it leaves the warehouse. Fragrances and home items are not eligible for ShopRunner free 2-day shipping. Certain factors can result in longer delivery times, including the time of day you place the order. Free ground shipping on any children's order over $100. Simply add $100 worth of childrenswear in your shopping bag to receive free shipping. Site wide free ground shipping over $150. Free ground shipping on orders placed in the Continental U.S. and Canada. Not applicable to previous purchases. Free shipping will be reflected in the total before your order is submitted. For US orders, returns must be made within 30 days of your shipment confirmation email. For Canadian orders, returns must be made within 40 days of your shipment confirmation email. To process your return, items must be unworn and tags must be attached. Footwear must be in its original condition and must include the original shoe box, without postal labels. Please note: By using the pre-paid return label, $6 will be deducted from your refund. Items ending in $0.97 are considered final sale and are not eligible for a return or refund. At this time we are not able to process any exchanges through our Tommy.com store. It will be necessary for us to process your exchange as a refund and you will need to place a new order. You may also return your products purchased at Tommy.com to any Tommy Retail or Company store. To expedite the return, please bring the packing slip to the store. We will happily issue a refund for all merchandise in its original, unused condition within 30 days of your shipment confirmation email date for US orders and within 40 days of your shipment confirmation for Canadian orders.
? 2013 Tommy Hilfiger Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. This email may be considered an advertising or promotional message. You are receiving this email because you signed up with Tommy Hilfiger and chose to receive email notices from us. For information about our privacy policy, please click here.
Tommy Hilfiger U.S.A., Inc. 601 W 26th Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10001 
To stop receiving emails from Tommy Hilfiger, click here