 
Dear Patriot,

I urge you to make your voice heard right now by casting your vote in the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund's 2016 Presidential Straw Poll.

This poll only takes a few seconds, and I really need your help.

You see, the Tea Party has spent the past four years rallying, organizing, and mobilizing by the millions, but the partisan hacks in Washington keep insisting that our movement is "dead."

They think they can just ignore us and nominate an establishment moderate for president in 2016, just like they did in 2012 and 2008. Remember how that worked out?

The establishment is determined to snub Tea Party all-stars like Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, and others, and hand the nomination to some old-school, washed-up beltway insider!

These hacks will never take Tea Party Americans seriously until we are ready, willing, and able to defeat them at the ballot box.

And this is our chance to show them that we are.

Please cast your vote in this important straw poll right now.

You see, this straw poll will accomplish two objectives.

First, it will be a crucial gauge of which prospective candidate is the best spokesman for Constitutional principles. Given the choice, do Tea Party supporters favor Senator Rand Paul for President? Or Governor Scott Walker? Maybe even Governor Rick Perry? This important poll will give us a clear answer.

And second, it will help us show the D.C. insiders that the Tea Party movement is a force to be reckoned with.

Our goal is to gather 1 million votes in the next three months so that we can show the "moderates" at the helm of the GOP that we refuse to be locked out of the nominating process in 2016!

No matter how hard they try, they will never be able to hand-pick another weak, centrist candidate for president. Not on our watch!

Your voice is vital to the success of this important poll, 
so please, cast your vote right away.
This very well may be the only way to make our voices heard.

You see, these D.C. "insiders" obviously haven't gotten our message, even when they've been confronted by hundreds of thousands of angry Americans demanding that our country get its fiscal house in order.

They obviously don't hear us when we send tens of thousands of signed petitions to their offices, demanding that they uphold our Constitution and protect our God-given freedoms.

They're deaf to the cries of concerned citizens in town hall meetings from coast to coast.

They just don't seem to understand. It's like we're speaking a different language!

And that's why we have to speak to them in a language they do understand: the language of votes.

We need to show them that we have the power, the numbers, the funds, and the determination to select a truly principled candidate for president. And there's nothing the establishment can do to stand in our way!

This important 2016 Presidential Straw Poll is the first step. 
Please cast your vote right away.
Sincerely,



Jenny Beth Martin 
Chairman, Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund

PAID FOR BY THE TEA PARTY PATRIOTS CITIZENS FUND 
NOT AUTHORIZED BY ANY CANDIDATE OR CANDIDATE'S COMMITTEE 
HTTP://TEAPARTYPATRIOTSCITIZENSFUND.COM