Warm Yourself In Our Fireside Sweaters (They're 50% Off!)
View Text Version | View in a Browser	
Don¡¯t miss updates from AE! Make sure the Priority Icon  next to the subject line for this email is yellow.	
American Eagle Outfitters	Come Hang Out...Find A Store	
Men	Women	Aerie	Shoes	Clearance	AEO Factory	Gifts
12 Legendary Gifts. 12 Legendary Prizes.
Yule Love This
Get Festive. Make Merry. | 50% Off All Sweaters | Plus Free Shipping | Limited Time Only | In Stores & At AE.com
	Shop Men	Shop Women	

Day 11 | Just One Click To See If You've Won A Party With A Friend In NYC For NYE!
You're Already Entered...	See If You Won

Today's Gift | 11 Of 12 | Fireside Sweaters Now 50% Off

Shop Men's Sweaters	Shop Women's Sweaters
Get Festive. Make Merry. 40% Off Everything*
	Shop Men	Shop Women	
*Excludes AEO Jeans & Other Items
Live Your Life	Snow Me The Money | Three Easy Ways To Give	
	Gift Cards	E-Gift Cards	Mobile Gift Cards	Yule Love This
Stay Connected
Facebook	Twitter	Instagram	Pinterest	shopkick	Mobile Messages	
The AEO App | Download Now	AEREWARDS | Earn Up To 40% Off | Sign In

American Eagle Outfitters?	aerie?	AEO Factory Store	
Beginning December 11, 2013 at 6:00am EST through December 16, 2013 at 11:59pm PST, get 50% off all AE and AEO Factory Sweaters. This 50% off discount is automatically applied once an AE or AEO Factory Store Sweater is added to the ae.com or aeofactorystore.com shopping bag. No discount code is required at checkout. Offer is valid on ae.com, aeofactorystore.com and US AE and AEO Factory Stores. Valid only in US stores only. Excludes aerie.com and Aerie Stores. This 50% off offer cannot be combined with other discount offers. Discount applies to merchandise costs only, not tax and shipping & handling costs. This discount is not redeemable for cash, nor applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. Excludes AEO Jeans, Aerie Undies Exclusively for AEO, Aerie merchandise, and merchandise from these brands: Bass, BC, Bed Stu, Birkenstock, Clarks, Creative Rec, Coconuts, DV, Eastland, GOLA, Havaianas, Keds, Matisse, Minnetonka, Mowgli Surf, New Balance, New Balance/PF Flyers, Palladium, Pro Keds, Pura Vida, Reebok, Seychelles, Thorogood, Tretorn, Tailgate, Timberland, Volley, and College & Pro Merchandise and Gift Cards. Discount promotion and associated terms and conditions subject to change at AE's sole discretion.

Automatic free shipping valid for orders placed beginning September 26, 2013, at 6:00 am EDT through December 21, 2013 at 11:59 PM PST, and shipping to U.S. & Canadian addresses. Offer not valid on international orders. This offer is good for U.S. standard shipping within 3 to 7 business days pending credit approval and authorization. Orders to Canadian addresses will be shipped via Canada post within 6 to 10 business days to urban areas and 15 to 22 business days to rural areas. This free shipping offer can be combined with other discount offers. No discount code is required at the ae.com, aerie.com, or aeofactorystore.com shopping bag. Not applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. All deliveries are pending credit approval, merchandise availability, delivery and weather conditions. Free shipping promotion and associated terms & conditions subject to change at AE's sole discretion.

For More Information On Legendary Gifts Click Here

*Beginning December 4, 2013 at 6:00am EST through December 17, 2013 at 11:59pm PST get 40% off select AE and AEO Factory items. This 40% off discount is automatically applied once a select AE or AEO Factory Store item is added to the ae.com or aeofactorystore.com shopping bag. No discount code is required at checkout. Offer is valid on ae.com, aeofactorystore.com and US AE and AEO Factory Stores. Valid in US stores only. Excludes aerie.com and Aerie Stores. This 40% off offer cannot be combined with other discount offers. Discount applies to merchandise costs only, not tax and shipping & handling costs. This discount is not redeemable for cash, nor applicable toward previously purchased merchandise. Excludes AEO Jeans, Aerie Undies Exclusively for AEO, Aerie merchandise, and merchandise from these brands: Bass, BC, Bed Stu, Birkenstock, Clarks, Creative Rec, Coconuts, DV, Eastland, GOLA, Havaianas, Keds, Matisse, Minnetonka, Mowgli Surf, New Balance, New Balance/PF Flyers, Palladium, Pro Keds, Pura Vida, Reebok, Seychelles, Thorogood, Tretorn, Tailgate, Timberland, Volley, and College & Pro Merchandise and Gift Cards. Discount promotion and associated terms and conditions subject to change at AE's sole discretion.
? 2013 AEO MANAGEMENT CO. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.	
Unsubscribe   |   Update Your Email Address   |   Sign Up For Email   |   Privacy Policy
Add [ae@e.ae.com] to your address book.

Our mailing address: 77 Hot Metal Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15203