
	
Up to $75 off flights plus 20% off tours!	Improve your view of this email.


	StudentUniverse	

	Flights Hotels Tours Activities Rail Student Deals Group Travel	
$50 off any international flight	$75 any international flight when you book a hotel at the same time	20% off Central America and North American Tours

	
	
	StudentUniverse on Facebook  StudentUniverse on Twitter  StudentUniverse on Google +	
		
	
CYBER50 Promo Code Terms: The promotion code entitles you to a $50 discount on the purchase of one(1) one-way or roundtrip airline ticket at StudentUniverse.com. Valid only for flights departing from the United States and arriving outside of the United States excluding flights to the Caribbean, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Canada. Offer not valid on hotels, activities, rail passes, insurance, car rentals or previously booked flights. Promotion Code is limited to a one-time use only per person. Only verified members are eligible to purchase. Coupons/Discounts cannot be combined with any other offer. Discount will not be applied to taxes and fees. Promotion code redemptions are limited.

CYBER75 Promo Code Terms: The promotion code entitles you to a $75 discount on the purchase of one(1) one-way or roundtrip airline ticket at StudentUniverse.com when you purchase at least a one-night hotel stay in the same transaction. Valid only for flights departing from the United States and arriving outside of the United States excluding flights to the Caribbean, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Canada. Offer not valid on activities, rail passes, insurance, car rentals or previously booked flights. Promotion Code is limited to a one-time use only per person. Only verified members are eligible to purchase. Coupons/Discounts cannot be combined with any other offer. Discount will not be applied to taxes and fees. Promotion code redemptions are limited.

CYBERTOURS13 Promo Code Terms: Promotion available only through StudentUniverse. File must be confirmed by December 4, 2013. Limited to new bookings only made from December 2, 2013 to December 4, 2013. If there are changes made to booking after December 4, 2013 the promo will be invalid. Offer valid on most trip styles (excluding Independent, Expedition, and Discovery Adventures) to Central America and North America. This cannot be combined with any other offer, promotion or discount. Travel Insurance is required for all trips. Prices and offer subject to change at any time. Offers are valid on land only, not on airfare. All other terms and conditions apply. Proper Promotion code must be used when making booking: CYBERTOURS13. Only valid on Central America and North American tours with travel dates between January 1, 2014 - March 31, 2014.

If you would like to unsubscribe, click here. 
To view our Privacy Policy, click here.

Flights | Hotels | Tours | Activities | Rail | Student Deals | Group Travel

Copyright ? 1999-2013 StudentUniverse?. All rights reserved.
StudentUniverse, 130 Turner Street, Suite 530, Waltham, MA 02453