
 


 

Programs for International Students
Friday, December 6th
 

 
Hello everyone!
 
2013 is slowly coming to an end; this means papers, essays and exams, but also snow, holiday cheer and the impending semester break! End the year the international way: with One To World by sampling delicious Vietnamese food at our next cultural cuisine on December 15th. Or, if you are already making plans for 2014, why not participate in an academic conference? You will find information on two prestigious conferences below.
 
Stay warm! We look forward to seeing you at our programs!
 
 
Alessandra, Aline & Asya
Enrichment Programs Team
 



Cultural Cuisine at Xe Lua Vietnamese Restaurant
Sunday, December 15th 
 
What do pho, bun, lemongrass and summer rolls have in common? You've guessed it, our next Cultural Cuisine will take us to Southeast Asia. Warm up with the rich flavors of Vietnam, and join us for a fun evening of delicious food, good conversation and great company!
 
This menu is designed specially for One To World guests. You will be able to choose a beverage, an appetizer and an entree from the list below. The appetizers will be served family style. 
 
Appetizers:
* Summer rolls (shrimp, pork or vegetable)
* Combination house special platter includes spring rolls, BBQ chicken, seasoned shrimp, pork and beef.
 
Entrees:
* Pho (rice noodle soup):
- Chicken (Pho Ga)
- Beef (Pho Chin Nam)
- Vegetable (Pho Chay Thap Cam)
* Bun (noodle salad): 
 - Pork (Bun Thit Hea Nurong)
- Beef (Bun Bo Nurong)
- Chicken (Bun Ga Nurong)
- Vegetable (Bun Xao Chay)
* Chicken Stir-Fry with Chilly Lemongrass Sauce, Served on Rice (Com Ga Xao Sa Ot)
* Mixed Vegetable Stir Fry with Tofu (Thao Cam Xao Chay)
  
Beverages:
* Vietnamese Coffee with Sweet Condensed Milk
* Vietnamese Tea with Sweet Condensed Milk
* Soda or Lemonade 
 
Date: Sunday, December 15th
Time: 6:15 pm
Location:  86 Mulberry St, New York 10013
See map here.
Cost: $23
Contact: Aline Pognonec, Enrichment Programs Global Fellow, aline@one-to-world.org or at (212) 431-1195 ext.26
 
 
You must log into your One To World account to sign up for the program. If you do not yet have an account, you can create one here. 

















 

 
Attend the 55th Air Force Academy Assembly!    
Monday, February 3rd - Wednesday, February 5th, 2014   
                                                                       
Application deadline: Sunday, December 15th.

For over five decades, the United States Air Force Academy has hosted the Academy Assembly, a prestigious undergraduate student conference focusing on a topic of contemporary political significance. This year's conference is titled "U.S.-India Relations: Partners in Democracy".
 
Over two days, speakers, academic panels and round-table discussions will focus on important topics pertaining to the relationship between the United States and India. The unique atmosphere at the United States Air Force Academy encourages discussion on U.S.-India relations from both civilian and military perspectives.  In addition to the valuable discussion and insight into this important topic, delegates to the Assembly will experience United States Air Force Academy life by rooming with Cadets and touring the Cadet Area. 

Registration to the conference is free and boarding, meals, and transportation to/from Denver International and Colorado Springs Airports will be provided for most students. Delegates will be expected to pay travel to and from the conference. If you are over the age of 26, you will also need to pay for your lodging at a hotel on the airforce base. We encourage you to contact your international student offices and academic advisers to see if financial support is available to cover the transportation and lodging costs, if applicable. 
 
If you are interested in attending this conference, send an email to Aline at aline@one-to-world.org  before Friday, December 13th. Please include the following information: first name, last name, U.S. university,  field of study, cell phone number, age, home country and if you receive a Fulbright grant to study in the U.S.  
 
 

 
Clinton Global Initiative University 2014   
March 21st - March 23rd, 2014  


Application deadline: Friday, January 17th, 2014.
 
President Clinton will host the next meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative University (CGI U) at Arizona State University from Friday, March 21st - Sunday, March 23rd, 2014. This meeting will bring together student leaders and innovators from around the world. To learn more about the CGI U, click here.  
 
In order to apply to attend CGI U, students are required to develop a Commitment to Action: a new, specific, and measurable plan to address a challenge in one of CGI U's five focus areas: education, environment and climate change, peace and human rights, poverty alleviation, and public health. The CGI U 2014 meeting is free to attend for accepted students, who will have the opportunity to hear from experts in the field, develop practical skills, identify potential partners, and formulate concrete plans of action for the months ahead. 
 
For more information, participate in a  virtual information session every Wednesday from 6:00 - 6:30 pm ET. You can also contact Sarah Whitney at sarah.whitney@clintonglobalinitiative.org or 212-710-4460, or connect with CGI U through social media.  
 

 
Happening in New York




 
Modern Art Exhibition

RE:CINEMA: The Persistence of the Cinematic in Contemporary Practice, an exhibit at Parsons The New School for Design, is featuring the work of talented Fulbright grantee Lilian Kreutzberger.
 
More information
 
Reuse-Themed Market
 
Find holiday cards, candles, jewelry, accessories and more at 'Crafted at the Canal', a reuse-themed holiday market, that will take place in Build It Green!NYC's Brooklyn reuse center on December 6th and 7th.

 More information
 
Make Music Winter 
 
Bring your instrument (or just your enthusiasm!) to one of the 13 participatory musical parades of the 3rd winter edition of the festival on December 21st in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens.

 More information
 

 
Visit Our Sponsors  
 


Renting Furniture Makes Off-Campus Living As Easy As Can Be. Student Packages Starting at $99/month.


Check out the discounts for international students
Experience Amtrak? train travel and take advantage of special deals and promotions today. Choose from SmartFares, limited-time offers, USA and California Rail passes, everyday discounts for AAA members, students and more.
 

 
One To World | 212-431-1195 ext. 32 | alessandra@one-to-world.org | http://www.one-to-world.org

Like us on Facebook          Follow us on Twitter         Visit our blog          View our profile on LinkedIn

 
 
Forward this email
One To World | 285 West Broadway | Suite 450 | New York | NY | 10013