To ensure delivery, add onlinebanking@ealerts.bankofamerica.com to your address book.
Exclusively for: | PENG PENG
 Bank of America(R)
	 	
Online Banking Alert
Your Account Statement Is Available
Security Checkpoint: 
 	 You last signed in to Online Banking on 11/27/2013.
Remember: Always look for your SiteKey? before entering your Passcode.
To:	 	PENG PENG
Account:	 	MYACCESS CHECKING ending in 4801
Date:	 	11/27/2013
The most recent statement for your account is now available.
View your statement online
We will ask you to enter your Online ID and Passcode for your protection.

You'll find an accessible version of your document on the Find Documents tab in the Statements & Documents section of Online Banking.
Read your Privacy Notice anytime by visiting Find Documents in the Statements & Documents area. 

Want to confirm this email is from Bank of America? Sign in to Online Banking and go to Alerts. The Alerts History lists the Alerts sent to you in the past 60 days.
Security Checkpoint: This email includes a Security Checkpoint. The information in this section lets you know this is an authentic communication from Bank of America. Remember to look for your SiteKey every time you sign in to Online Banking.
Email preferences
This is a service email from Bank of America. Please note that you may receive service email in accordance with your Bank of America service agreements, whether or not you elect to receive promotional email. 

Contact us about this email
Please do not reply to this email with sensitive information, such as an account number, PIN, password, or Online ID. The security and confidentiality of your personal information is important to us. If you have any questions, please either call the toll-free customer service phone number on your account statement or visit the Bank of America website to access the Contact Us page, so we can properly verify your identity. 

Privacy and security
Keeping your financial information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. For an explanation of how we manage customer information, please visit the Bank of America website to read our Privacy Policy. You can also learn how Bank of America keeps your personal information secure and how you can help protect yourself.

Bank of America Email, 8th Floor-NC1-002-08-25, 101 South Tryon St., Charlotte, NC 28255-0001 

Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender
? 2013 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.

This email was sent to: SAGITTARIUSERIC@GMAIL.COM