Hello Peng, 
 
Thank you for expressing interest in iCIMS, and for applying for the Software Development Intern (Winter 2013) position.
  
In this increasingly impersonal world of email and resumes, we would love for you to take 1-3 minutes of your time to allow us to learn about YOU! We would like to ask that you follow the simple instructions below to record a short Video Cover Letter to go along with your resume and application.  In your submission, please answer the following question:
 
Why do you think that you are a perfect cultural fit for our company?
 
To get started, simply go to: https://video.icims.com/record/1:40401?accessKey=NZTE1TLOP77MUFGDWIVA&sign1=cJX9z-rk7w6bPbFc5tQKYhMF5KYGJN0b5WhNfgg6SKY
 
*Note that mobile and desktop submissions are welcome.
 
 
Regards,
 
Jay Fendrick | G&A Operations Analyst | iCIMS
t: 1.800.889.4422 f: 732.264.4813 e: jay.fendrick@icims.com
 
 

Love iCIMS? Refer a Friend!



The information in or attached to this e-mail is confidential and may contain personal or legally privileged information. It is intended solely for the person or entity to which it is addressed. Access to this e-mail by anyone else is unauthorized. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution, action taken, or action omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this e-mail in error, please contact the sender and delete the email and any attachments from all servers, computers, and devices. Finally, you should check this communication and any attachments for the presence of viruses, as sender accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this communication.
 

To remove yourself from this list and others like it, please go to:
https://inhouse.icims.com/icims2/?r=27AE40401

Eric Peng <sagittariuseric@gmail.com>
Nov 19

to Jay 
Dear Jay Fendrick,
         Thanks a lot for your quick reply and consideration. I will submit the video cover letter by this week.
         Hope I could have an interview to take a conversation will iCIMS family members.
         Have a good night.
                                                                           Sincerely, Peng Peng