Dear International Student Community,
 
It looks like some of the links in our first e-mail are not working, so please use this one.
 
This is a reminder that now is the time to apply for Optional Practical Training (OPT) if you are graduating this semester!
 
If you have not attended an OPT workshop in the past, remember that our OPT workshop is now online, and you can access it from our website here. The OPT workshop is mandatory before you may apply for OPT, so if you did not attend an in-person workshop, you must watch the online video before submitting an application to ISSS. We also highly recommend the video if you attended a workshop earlier than the Spring 2012 semester, since some of the information has changed. You should also review the below PowerPoint presentation highlighted below, since it contains important updates that will be made to the video soon.
 
At the time you apply for Post-Completion OPT, you will be charged a $230 fee for application processing and the maintenance of your records for the two terms you are on OPT. You will not be charged a fee during the STEM extension. This fee is non-refundable once ISSS processes your OPT application, so please be sure you want to apply before submitting your application to us. The Stevens fee of $230 is separate from the OPT fee that you must send to USCIS.
 
All of the necessary application materials are available on the Forms page of the ISSS website. The links to the documents you will need are below (highlighted):
OPT (See Video)

Application for Pre- and Post-Completion OPT: Information and Checklist
Application for OPT STEM Extension: Information and Checklist
OPT Acknowledgement of Responsibilities
OPT Application Mailing Instructions
OPT Employment Update
OPT I-765 for Pre-Completion
OPT I-765 for Post-Completion
OPT I-765 for STEM Extension
OPT Request Form
OPT Timeline for Fall
OPT Timeline for Spring
OPT Workshop PowerPoint
Replacement EAD Application Checklist
Replacement EAD I-765
What You Need to Know about OPT
If you are graduating this semester, you should apply as soon as possible (you do not need a job offer to apply), since our office takes about one week to process your I-20s and USCIS needs up to 90 days to process your application. The last date we will be accepting OPT applications before the winter break is Friday, December 13. Let us know if you have any questions.
 
Best Regards,

International Student & Scholar Services
T 201 216 5189
F 201 216 8333
Meetings by appointment only except during advisor-on-call hours: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1:30-4:30 PM
Stay connected with International Student and Scholar Services:
Check out the ISSS website: http://stevens.edu/sit/isss.
Like the ISSS Facebook page using the link below!