Dear Peng,
 
Thank you for your continued interest with iCIMS!
 
Based on your recent application for Software Development Intern (Winter 2013) and your phone screening, I would like to set you up for a follow-up Phone Interview with one of our Technology Managers.
 
Can you provide me with some of your availability to conduct this phone interview as well as a number that you can be contacted on? This call should take approximately 60 minutes. Thank you in advance!
 
Best Regards,  
 
 
Nicole Tucker 
|Corporate Recruiter |iCIMS
t.  nicole.tucker@icims.com 
 
 
iCIMS is now hiring!

Nicole Tucker
Dec 12 (3 days ago)

to ppeng 
Hi Peng,
 
You are tentatively scheduled for 11 a.m. ET on Thursday, December 19th.  I¡¯ll be in touch as soon as you are confirmed.
 
Best,
Nicole
 
 
Nicole Tucker | Technical Recruiter | iCIMS
t: 732-847-8186 f: 732.876.0422 e: Nicole.Tucker@icims.com

http://www.icims.com/images/sig/icimsFB.png http://www.icims.com/images/sig/icimsLI.png

Love iCIMS? Refer a Friend!

http://www.icims.com/images/inner_logo.png?cb=1204

The information in or attached to this e-mail is confidential and may contain personal or legally privileged information. It is intended solely for the person or entity to which it is addressed. Access to this e-mail by anyone else is unauthorized. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution, action taken, or action omitted to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you received this e-mail in error, please contact the sender and delete the email and any attachments from all servers, computers, and devices. Finally, you should check this communication and any attachments for the presence of viruses, as sender accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this communication.
 
From: Peng Peng [mailto:inhouse+email+e7o.4uh6@agents.icims.com] 
Sent: Thursday, December 12, 2013 9:54 AM
To: Nicole Tucker
Subject: Re: Nicole with iCIMS: Your availability?
 
Dear Nicole Tucker,
 
I just realizied morning today(Dec 12th) is too hush for arrage a follow-up phone interview , appologized about this. May be we can make this phone interview at Friday morning or afternoon, either time for me is ok, But if Friday is full and today's afternoon is still available for your Technology Managers, I can make a phone interview this at 3 or 4pm today.  Please find the convenient time your Technology Managers. 
 
I still got a final exam next Wednesday, So I wish I could make the interview this week. If we have to make this next week, I can take it after Wednesday. Thanks a lot for your understanding.  
 
Wish you have a good day, looking forward to hearing your back.
                                                                                                                                     
Sincerely, Peng Peng
Stevens Institute of Technology
 

On Wed, Dec 11, 2013 at 5:05 PM, Peng Peng <ppeng@stevens.edu> wrote:
Dear Nicole Tucker,
         Thank you so much for calling me today, very appreciated it.
         I am available tomorrow, could I take this phone interview at tomorrow 10-11am or 2-4pm, either time of tomorrow is ok. If tomorrow is not ok, I am still available on Friday.
         Thanks again.
  
         Sincerely  Peng Peng
         Stevens Institute of Technology