Below please find the list of companies who will be hosting information sessions this week.
 
All events are business casual and open to Stevens students only.
 
If you need to leave for class, please feel free to come and leave when necessary!
 
Wednesday, October 23rd
 
iCIMS Information Session
Software Engineers
Calder, 3rd Fl. Howe
5-00-7:00 pm
 
iCIMS, a leading provider of innovative Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) talent acquisition solutions, is an Inc. 500 and Software Satisfaction honoree focused on solving corporate business issues through the implementation of easy-to-use, scalable solutions that are backed by our award-winning iCARE Customer Support. iCIMS' Talent Platform, the industry's premier candidate management solution, enables organizations to manage their entire talent acquisition lifecycle from sourcing, to recruiting, to onboarding all within a single web-based application. Privately-held and profitable, the company's success is based almost entirely on organic growth. With more than 1,700 clients worldwide, iCIMS is one of the largest and fastest-growing talent acquisition system providers with offices in North America, UK, and China.
 
Majors: Business & Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Cyber Security, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Management, Information Systems, Software Engineering
 
Thursday, October 24th
 
FarePortal Information Session
Full-time Technology Roles
Skyline, 4th Fl. Howe
5:00 pm ¨C 7:00 pm
Started in 2002 as a travel technology company, our initial focus was on developing e-commerce sites, booking engines and management tools for the retail and wholesale travel industry.

Today, we operate many successful businesses and brands of our own including CheapOair.com, the third most popular online travel agency. We remain committed to developing in-house technologies that provide us with a unique advantage in the industry, and we go a step further to pair them with travel agency offices, call centers, websites and award-winning mobile applications that enable millions of travelers to book trips to and from every corner of the world.

Majors: Business & Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Science & Technology, Systems Engineering, Technology Management, Software Engineering