Programs for International Students
October 11th Newsletter
 

 
Good afternoon!

The weather is getting colder, and the foliage is slowly turning beautiful hues of red, orange and yellow. The school year is now definitely underway, which also means we have lots of events coming up!
 
First comes our exciting Halloween party. Early bird sales are now over, but you can still enjoy a discounted price if you buy tickets for a group of 5 people or more. As such, rally your friends and join us for an evening of fun, dancing, sweets and silly costumes on October 24th!

On November 9th, learn more about Lincoln Center's iconic landmarks on our One To World Walk - Backstage at Lincoln Center! Each tour is unique, so take advantage of the opportunity and find out about the lesser known facts of this cultural hub.

Finally, we have a very special event on November 16th: an employment workshop with a professional consultant will help you navigate the arena of job and internship hunting in the United States. Polish your interview skills, learn how to build a resume that will grab employers' attention and glean useful tips from the experienced consultant.

We look forward to seeing you at one of our programs soon!

Alessandra, Aline & Asya
Enrichment Programs Team
 

 
One To World's Halloween Party - Take advantage of the group tickets: pay $20/ticket when you buy for a group of 5+!
Thursday, October 24  


 
Early bird ticket sales are now closed but you can still get discounted prices if you buy tickets with a group of 5 people or more! Join the party with your friends at $20/ticket and dance the night away with merry mummies, evil ghosts and fearsome witches.
 
Want to arrive solo? Individual tickets are $25/person.
 
We will also be holding a weekly contest on our  Facebook page - check out our page every Friday for a chance to win two tickets. HINT: in true One To World fashion, it will involve international trivia!
 
 

You must log into your One To World account to sign up for the program. If you do not yet have an account, you can create one here .
 
For more information contact alessandra@one-to-world.org or 212-431-1195. 
 

 
Backstage Tour at Lincoln Center   
Saturday, November 9th  
 
Learn more about Lincoln Center's iconic landmarks featured in countless movies such as Black Swan, Moonstruck, and Ghostbusters. Go behind the scenes at venues where a spectacular range of artists have performed, including Luciano Pavarotti, Mikhail Baryshnikov, Leonard Bernstein, Renee Fleming, and Bruce Springsteen. You never know what might happen; you might sit in on a rehearsal, walk out onto a stage, or meet a star!
 
Date: Saturday, November 9th
Time: 11:00 am - 12:30 pm (approximately)
Registration Deadline: Sunday, November 3rd  
Location: Lincoln Center (meeting instructions will be emailed closer to the program date)
Cost: $16
Contact: Alessandra Fiorenza, Coordinator of Enrichment Programs, alessandra@one-to-world.org 
or at (212) 431-1195 ext.32

You must log into your One To World account to sign up for the program. If you do not yet have an account, you can create one here. 


 

 

Campus-to-Career: Employment Workshop
Saturday, November 16th  
 
Join us for a day-long workshop led by a professional consultant of internship and job hunting in the US. Learn to put together an attention-grabbing resume, practice effective interviewing techniques, develop skills necessary to enter the professional work force, and walk away well-equipped to search for a great internship or job!
 
Date:  Saturday, November 16th
Time:  10:00 am - 4:00 pm (approximately)
Location:  Manhattan (exact location will be announced closer to the date)
Cost:  $30 (includes breakfast and lunch)
Registration deadline: Monday, November 10th
Contact: Alessandra Fiorenza, Coordinator of Enrichment Programs, alessandra@one-to-world.org or at (212) 431-1195 ext.32
  
 
 
You must log into your One To World account to sign up for the program. If you do not yet have an account, you can create one here. 
 




 
Participate in a Research Project about International Students!  
October 19th and 20th 
 
Priscilla Rodgers, a graduate student in New York University's International Education Program, is looking for international student participants for a research project. She is studying how community involvement has affected the international student experience in the United States.
 
On October 19th and 20th, her and her team will be holding two focus groups for interested participants. Snacks and refreshments will be provided. If you would like to participate in this interview or have any questions please contact Priscilla at pkr226@nyu.edu for details on the project. It will be a lively discussion and she looks forward to meeting you!
 
 

 
Happening in New York
 



 
Open House New York
 
From private residences and historic landmarks to sustainable skyscrapers, OHNY gives you rare access into the extraordinary architecture that defines New York City. This weekend, enjoy
 free access to hundreds of sites, tours and performances throughout the five boroughs.  
  
More information
 
Girl Rising Film Screening
 
The Global Education Coalition of New York City, the Global Campaign for Education-US, and Bank Street College of Education are sponsoring a screening of Girl Rising followed by a panel discussion on October 25th. Girl Rising spotlights the strength of the human spirit and the power of education to change a girl - and the world.

More information
 
Meet a National Geographic Photographer
 
Meet Steve Winter, an award-winning wildlife photographer and celebrate the 125th anniversary of "National Geographic" at the Soho Apple Store on October 27th. See"upcoming store events and workshops" at the link below.
 
More information

 

 
Visit Our Sponsors  
 


Renting Furniture Makes Off-Campus Living As Easy As Can Be. Student Packages Starting at $99/month.
Amtrak logo

Check out the discounts for international students

Experience Amtrak? train travel and take advantage of special deals and promotions today. Choose from SmartFares, limited-time offers, USA and California Rail passes, everyday discounts for AAA members, students and more.
 

 
One To World | 212-431-1195 ext. 32 | alessandra@one-to-world.org | http://www.one-to-world.org

Like us on Facebook          Follow us on Twitter         Visit our blog          View our profile on LinkedIn

 
 
Forward this email
One To World | 285 West Broadway | Suite 450 | New York | NY | 10013