An interesting seminar.


---------- Forwarded message ----------

All,

Dr. Thomas Magaldi, Director of the Science Alliance at the New York
Academy of Sciences, will be giving a seminar for our graduate
students and post-docs. Wednesday, October 9 at 2pm in EAS222:

Seminar Description

¡°Planning for a Fulfilling Career: A Primer for Early Career
Scientists and Engineers¡±

This seminar will highlight the plethora of career paths including
jobs in industry, government, education, and business for
professionals with a graduate degree in science and/or engineering. It
will also provide a framework on how to successfully pursue these
career options.

Bio

Thomas Magaldi, PhD

Dr. Thomas Magaldi is the Director of Science Alliance, a consortium
of several prominent universities, teaching hospitals and independent
research institutions (Including Stevens) that are dedicated to
enhancing the training and education of the next generation of
scientists and medical professionals. He develops and implements
professional development workshops and seminar for over 8,000 young
scientists. Dr. Magaldi received his PhD in genetics from Yale
University in 2012. During his graduate research, Dr. Magaldi studied
viral oncogenes and infectious entry of DNA tumor viruses. Dr. Magaldi
then conducted his postdoctoral research at the National Cancer
Institute where he helped to discover a new family of viruses not
previously known to infect vertebrates.

In addition to working as a molecular virologist, Dr. Magaldi has been
involved in both science education and policy throughout his career.
He has worked as a tutor and teacher at New Haven Reads, the Center
for Science Teaching and Learning and Science Education Outreach
Program. Dr. Magaldi has also taught biology as an Adjunct Professor
at Montgomery College and Guest Lecturer at the University of the
District of Columbia where he learned to use both active learning
techniques and interactive technology to engage his students.

Dr. Magaldi has also participated in the U.S. Department of State¡¯s
Virtual Student Foreign Service Intern Program. As virtual intern, Dr.
Magaldi collaborated with the U.S. embassy in Mongolia to help
facilitate science and technology collaborations between the U.S. and
Mongolia. In particular, Dr. Magaldi researched ways in which the
United States could assist Mongolia in bolstering STEM education at
the college and graduate level.

Finally, Dr. Magaldi was an Executive Board member for the Career
Network for Science PhDs at Yale, an organization dedicated to
improving career opportunities for science PhDs through networking and
internship opportunities. In 2006, Dr. Magaldi graduated with honors
from Providence College with a BS in Biology.
