Hi Peng,
 
Thank you for your e-mail. I apologize for the delay. Our Technology posting was listed on the Stevens CastlePointCareers site. Please let me know if you were able to submit your resume online.
 
Kind Regards,
Molly
 
Molly Norton   
Consultant | Human Resources   
1585 Broadway, 19th Floor | New York, NY  10036   
Phone: +1 212 761-0578   
Fax: +1 212 507-1978   
Molly.Norton@morganstanley.com   
   
From: Peng Peng [mailto:ppeng@stevens.edu] 
Sent: Monday, September 16, 2013 10:28 PM
To: itcolrec
Subject: Hi, about application, I didn't find Margan Stanley at Stevens CPC
 
To whom it may concern,
           Hi, this is a Stevens student just heart your recruitment lecture today. And I am very interested in it. In "How to apply" it says I should submit my resume to CastlePointCareers by Sep 20th. I didn't find Margan Stanley at Stevens CPC. Should I need to find Morgan Stanley on CPC and submit an application or just submit my resume to CPC. Kind of confusing about this stuff.
           I will be very appreciated if you can reply me soon. And have a good night.
                                                                         Sincerely, Peng
                    



NOTICE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications. This message is subject to terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers If you cannot access these links, please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you consent to the foregoing.