Basically, some of your questions wil be discussed next week. It is good that you think forward. Here are the breif answers as following.

On 09/26/2013 1:35 AM, Peng Peng wrote:
Dear Prof. Rong Duan,
          After whole night thinking, today's content still
confuses me. Could I ask some questions about it?
          (1) Besides the Mathematical meaning, what's is the
physical meaning of Hidden Layer? It gives us a different view to see
the inputs? Or it is just a mathematical tool help us in Non-Liner
predicting? Is hidden unit just a boolean function?

Under most situations, it is only non-linear combination to mimic the biological neron. hidden unit is not a boolean function. It is a two-step process: weighted sum + logistic transform.

          (2) The output's number is always 2? Moreover, for just
single input how many Hidden unities  are required?

THe output is a vector of real value number. If the  input is only one dimension, NN will not fit. But if it is time series, it will be another story.

          (3) Why all inputs can connect to one single hidden
unit, and also all out put can connected to one single hidden unit?
What the concrete meaning of that?

That structure tries to mimic the real bilogical neron and there are other type of NN that have different structure.


          (4) How many hidden unites are required according
inputs? Is it a constant for that?

The number of hidden unit is not constant and there is no rule to tell you which number is the reight one. YOu have to try and test.


         I think tonight's class was full of abstract
mathematical concept. I will be appreciated if you can give us some
specific examples (included numbers) next class, so can help us better
understanding.

Yes,I will show some examples next week.

          I will be very appreciated if you can reply me soon.
          Have a good night.
                                             
                              Sincerely, Peng Peng

rduan <rduan@stevens.edu>
Sep 26

to Peng 
Oh, one thing I want to make it clear that for single input NN. It is trianable for single input NN, but it will not show the advantage of NN for single input. I will use single input as example next week.

Eric Peng <sagittariuseric@gmail.com>
Sep 26

to rduan 
Dear prof.
             Thanks a lot for your answer, very helpful. Hope to listen next class to reveal some answer. 
                                                       Sincerely, Peng Peng