Below please find the list of companies who will be hosting information sessions this week.
 
All events are business casual and open to Stevens students only.
 
If you need to leave for class, please feel free to come and leave when necessary!
 
Monday, September 23, 2013
 
EY (Ernst & Young) Information Session
Hayden Lounge
5:00-7:00 pm
 
At EY, our 167,000 professionals work together to deliver assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. We are united by our shared values and an unwavering commitment to quality. And, we make a difference through leading practices that develop our people, help our clients and strengthen our communities. 

Our collaborative culture supports the personal and professional success of each individual. Learn more about who we are, what we do and how to achieve your potential by visiting ey.com/us/eyinsight. And, visit us at ey.com/us/careers and see why EY has been on FORTUNE¡¯s "100 Best Companies to Work For" list for 15 consecutive years, longer than any of the other Big Four.
 
Majors: Business & Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, CyberSecurity, Financial Engineering, Information Systems, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Engineering Management, Technology Management, Quantitative Finance, Business Intelligence and Analytics
 
 
Tuesday, September 24th
Jefferies Information Session
Bissinger, 4th Fl. Howe
5:00 pm ¨C 7:00 pm
For 50 years, Jefferies has measured success just one way: We only win when our clients win. What makes this approach so successful today is not just our dedication to it, but that so many others have abandoned these values and this character of work.
Jefferies provides insight, expertise and execution to investors, companies and government entities. We offer deep sector expertise across a full range of products and services in investment banking, equities, fixed income, commodities, wealth and asset management in the Americas, Europe and the Middle East and Asia.
Majors: Business & Technology, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Engineering Management, Financial Engineering, Information Systems, Management/Project Management, Mathematics, Technology Management, Telecommunications Management, Quantitative Finance, Business Intelligence and Analytics, Software Engineering
 
Kerry Ingredients Information Session
Skyline, 4th Fl. Howe
5:00 pm ¨C 7:00 pm
 
Kerry Ingredients and Flavours in the Americas is an important part of the ingredients and flavors division within Kerry Group. We serve customers in Canada, Latin America and the United States, developing, manufacturing and delivering technology-based ingredients, flavors and integrated solutions for the food and beverage industry.
 
Majors: Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Management, Mechanical Engineering, Systems Engineering
 
 
Wednesday, September 25th
 
Class of 2014 Career Fair
Schaefer Gym
1-4 pm
 
Katlyn Velasco
Assistant Director
Office of Career Development
T 201 216 8944 
F 201 216 8332